There was a man and his wife who lived in Matsumoto-shi, in the old back country of Japan, which is still a very isolated part of Japan.
When this story began, they had been married for several years and were blessed with a little girl.
She was the joy and the pride of their lives, and in her was stored the source of infinite happiness for their old age.
What were the golden letters in their memories that characterized her growth as a baby?
When she was only thirty days old when she went to the temple, her proud mother carried her, dressed her in ceremonial attire, and placed her under the protection of the God of her family home.
Then at her first puppet festival, her parents gave her a set of dolls and their miniature items, which were added the following year.
And perhaps the most significant event was, on her third birthday, when her first ribbon of brown and gold was wrapped around her small waist.
Now that she's seven years old, she's learned to speak in a few small ways that are so important to her loving parents, and she's waiting for them to speak.
In the whole of the Irish Empire, there was no happier little family to be found.
One day my father was summoned to the city for work, and there was a great commotion in the house.
In modern times, with the rapid development of means of transport such as railways and motor vehicles, it is difficult to understand what it means to travel from Matsumae to Kyoto.
The road was rough, the road was rough, whether it was a hundred miles or a hundred miles, the common man had to walk one step at a time.
In fact, at the time, going to the capital was as much a job as a Japanese sailing to Europe.
My wife was very worried as she helped her husband prepare for the long journey.
I wanted to take her with me, but it was too far to go with my mother, and the housework was my wife's duty.
At last everything was ready; my husband was standing in the porch with his little family.
The man said, "Don't worry.
I'll be right back".
"Please take care of everything while I'm gone, especially our little girl".
"Yes, we're fine, but you take care of yourself and don't give us a day to come back", she said.
The only one smiling was the girl.
Because she did not know the sorrow of parting.
And he didn't know that going to King's Town was so different from walking to the next village that his father used to go to.
She ran to him, grabbed his sleeve, and waited a while.
"Dad, I'm going to be so happy while you wait for me to come home, so bring me a present".
When he looked back for the last time to see his wife crying and his son smiling and happy, he felt as if someone was pulling his hair.
I've separated before.
But he knew he had to go.
Because the phone was essential.
I stopped thinking hard, decided to turn my back, rushed down the small garden, and went out the door.
His wife, carrying her child in her arms, ran to the door and saw him walking through the pine tree, he got lost in the distance, and the only thing she could see was his peculiar yellow hat.
And then it was gone, too.
"Your father is gone.
"You and I must do everything until your father returns", she said.
"Yeah, I'm sure it'll work out", the child said, nodding.
"I'm sure your father will bring you something you really want.
I know because I asked him to bring you a doll.
Every day I think of your father and pray for his safe journey until he returns.
"Oh, how glad he'll be when he comes home again", the child said, clapping.
As she looked at the child's face, her mother's love for her seemed to deepen.
Then she set to work making winter clothes for three.
She set up a simple wooden carriage and began to weave the earth.
In the course of her work, she supervised girls' games and taught them to read the fairy tales of her country.
In this way, the wife found comfort in her work during the lonely days of her husband's absence.
As time passed in the quiet house, my husband came home from work.
It would have been hard for someone who didn't know him well to recognize him.
He traveled day after day, he was exposed to all kinds of weather, he was sunburned for almost a month in bronze, but his beloved wife and children recognized him at a glance, they flew to meet him from one side to the other, and each of them took a handful.
And they greeted him with their warm greetings.
And the man and his wife rejoiced, that they were both safe.
It seemed to take a long time to take off her slippers, to take off her big umbrella, and to return to her familiar, empty room, while her mother was still among them.
I was far away.
When they sat down on the white mat, my father opened the bamboo container he had brought in and pulled out a box of beautiful dolls and cakes.
"Look", he said to the girl.
This is my reward for taking good care of my mother and home during my stay".
I said, "Thank you.
The women who came from the city were more beautiful than any women I had ever seen.
I can't tell you how happy she was.
Her face seemed to melt with joy, and her eyes did not think of anything.
The husband again jumped into the box, and this time took a square wooden box, carefully tied with red and white cords, and handed it to his wife.
"And this is for you".
My wife picked up the box and carefully opened it, and there was a metal disk with a handle on it.
One side was glowing like crystal, and the other side was covered with the growth of pine trees and conifers, carved out of a smooth surface as a living reality.
She was born and raised in the countryside behind Beijing, so she had never seen anything like it in her life.
She stared at the sparkling disc, and with amazement and amazement in her face, she said, "Look, this round thing looks like someone is looking at me!"
"What did you give me?" the husband laughed.
"What you see is your own face.
What I have brought to you is called a mirror; whoever looks at its transparent surface can see his own reflected face.
It is not found in this remote place, but in the city it has been used since the earliest times.
In these countries, mirrors are considered to be a very necessary requirement for women to own them.
There is an old saying, "The sword is the soul of a warrior, the mirror is the soul of a woman".
Her heart is pure and good.
It is also one of the treasures of the emperor.
So you have to keep it close to the mirror and use it carefully".
My wife listened to everything her husband had to say and was glad to learn many things for herself.
She was even more delighted with the precious gift, which was a sign of his remembrance during his sojourn.
"If a mirror represents my soul, I will cherish it as a precious possession, and I will never misuse it".
When he said that, he lifted it up to his chest and thankfully put it in the box.
His wife, seeing that he was very tired, made dinner and tried to make everything as comfortable for him as possible.
The little family did not seem to know what true happiness was before.
I was very happy to be with you again.
And tonight, my father had much to say about his travels and all that he had seen in the city.
As time passed in a peaceful home, her parents saw their most cherished wish come true as their daughter grew from a child to a beautiful 16-year-old.
If, as the priceless jewel of preciousness is kept in the hands of its proud owner, they have brought it up with unceasing love and care, then their labor has been more than doubled for now.
How comforted she must be for her mother, as she goes about her business and walks about in the house.
And how proud her father must have been of her.
But, oh, nothing in this world lasts forever.
The moon's shape is not always perfect; with time it loses its roundness; flowers bloom and disappear.
And finally, the happiness of this family was shattered by great sorrow.
My kind and kind wife and mother got sick one day.
For the first few days of her illness, she didn't think of her father and her daughter as just a cold.
But as the days went by, even her mother didn't get better.
She was only getting worse, and the doctor was puzzled.
For in spite of what he had done, the poor woman grew weaker from day to day.
Both father and daughter were overwhelmed with grief, and the girl did not depart from her mother day or night.
But despite their best efforts, the woman's life could not be saved.
One day, as the girl was sitting next to her mother's bed, trying to hide her troubles with a bright smile, the mother woke up, took her hand, and looked at her eyes with ardent affection.
She spoke in a breathless manner.
"My daughter.
I'm sure now that nothing can save me.
Promise me that when I die, I will take care of your beloved father and try to be a good and faithful woman".
"Oh, mother", said the girl, as she wept.
All you have to do is get well.
It would bring the greatest happiness to my father and me.
"Yes, I am aware of that.
I am comforted in the last day that you know how much you long for my recovery.
Do not look so sad.
For in the former state of my being, it was quite determined that I should die at this very moment in this life.
Knowing this, I resign myself to my destiny.
And now I have something to give you, that you may remember me when I am gone.
And when she put forth her hand, she took a four-leaved box out of the cushion of her pillow, and bound it with cords.
Reviewing this very carefully, she took out of the box the mirror her husband had given her years before.
When you were a child, your father came to the city and brought me this treasure as a gift.
It's called a mirror.
I will give this to you before I die.
If, after I'm gone, you feel lonely and want to see me sometimes, please remove this mirror.
And tell me all that is in your heart.
I can't talk, but whatever happens to you in the future, I understand and sympathise with you".
With these words, the dying woman gave the mirror to her daughter.
The good mother's heart now seemed to be at ease, sank without saying a word; her spirit left quietly that day.
The father and the daughter, who were bereaved, fell into sorrow, and gave themselves over to bitterness.
They felt that it was impossible to part with the woman they had loved all their lives and to give her body to the Earth.
But this desperate sorrow passed away, and they were overwhelmed again, though they had recovered their hearts and had given up.
Despite this, her life seemed desolate.
Her love for her dead mother did not diminish with the passing of time, and her memory was so sharp that even when it rained or the wind blew, everything in everyday life reminded her of her mother's death and all that they had gone through.
We loved and shared.
One day, her father was out doing his own chores, and her loneliness and sadness were unbearable.
She threw herself into her mother's room and wept, her heart breaking.
She wished she could see her beloved's face, hear her pet's name, forget her pain for a moment.
Suddenly she stood up.
The last words of her mother echoed in her sad memory.
"Oh, when my mother gave me a mirror as a parting gift, she said I should see her whenever I saw her.
I had almost forgotten her last words.
I'm going to get a mirror right now and see if that's true".
She immediately dried her eyes and went to the pantry and took out the box with the mirrors.
When she lifted the mirror and looked at the smooth face, her heart throbbed with hope.
Look, her mother's words were true!
I saw my mother's face in the round mirror in front of me.
But, oh, what a pleasant surprise!
It wasn't her mother. It was a young, beautiful woman.
The face in the mirror seemed to have to speak immediately.
She heard her mother's voice telling her to grow up to be a good woman and a faithful daughter again.
Yourself.
"What I'm looking at is my mother's soul".
She knew how miserable I was without her, and she came to comfort me.
Whenever I want to see her, she sees me here.
How grateful I must be!
And from then on the burden of grief was much lightened for her young heart.
Every morning, in order to gather strength for the task of the day before her, and every evening, in order to console herself before she lay down to sleep, the girl took out the mirror and looked at the reflection which she believed in the simplicity of her pure heart.
I'll be her mother's spirit.
Every day, she grew up to be like her deceased mother, kind to everyone, loyal to her father.
When the year of mourning had passed in this little house, he found, on the advice of his relatives, that he had remarried, and that the girl was now under the authority of his stepmother.
It was a difficult position.
But by spending time with her beloved mother and trying to be what she wanted her mother to be, she became obedient and patient, determined to be faithful and devoted to her father's wife.
In every way.
For a while, everything seemed to be going well in my family under the new system.
There were no winds of discord or waves that would stir the surface of daily life; my father was satisfied.
But the fact that she's soft-spoken is a danger to women, and her stepmother is known all over the world, her mother's heart wasn't the same as her first smile.
From a few days to a few weeks, the stepmother began to treat the motherless girl unkindly and tried to intervene between father and son.
Sometimes she went to her husband and complained about her daughter-in-law's behaviour, but he knew it was normal, so he paid no attention to her unpleasant complaints.
Rather than diminish his love for his daughter, as the woman wished, his complaints only made him think more of her.
The woman soon noticed that he was more concerned about the lonely child than ever before.
This did not please her at all, and she began to wonder how she could get her stepchildren out of the house.
The woman's heart was very twisted.
She watched the girl carefully, and one morning, looking around her room, she thought she had found a crime sufficiently serious to denounce the child to her father.
The woman herself was a little frightened by what she had seen.
And she went quickly to her husband, and cried with a sad voice, with false tears.
"Let me say goodbye to you today". The man was completely surprised at her sudden request, and wondered what she was doing.
"Do you find it very unpleasant to be in my house?" he asked.
I said, "No!
No, you can't!
I have nothing to do with you, I never wanted to leave you in my dreams.
But if I stay here, I might die, so I'd better let you go home".
The woman wept again.
Her husband was saddened to see her so unhappy, and thought he couldn't hear her.
"Tell me about it!
How is your life in danger here?
"I'll tell you because I'm being asked.
Your daughter hates me as a step-mother.
For a while, she sat in her room in the morning and watched me pass by, and I was convinced that she was creating my image, that she was killing me with her magic, and she cursed me every day.
It's not safe for me to be here.
We can no longer live under the same roof".
Her husband had heard terrible stories, but could not believe that a kindly girl would do such an evil thing.
He knew that through popular superstition, by creating the image of a hated person and cursing it every day, people believed that one person could slowly cause another to die.
But where did his young daughter learn such knowledge?
However, he remembered that he had noticed that his daughter had been in her room for a long time, avoiding anyone, even when visitors came to the house.
Combining this fact with his wife's warning, he wondered if there was any explanation for this strange story.
His heart was torn between doubting his wife and trusting his children. He didn't know what to do.
He immediately went to her and decided to find out the truth.
Comforting his wife and assuring her that her fears were unfounded, he quietly slipped into her room.
The girl was very unhappy for a long time.
By her friendliness and obedience, she showed her good will, by her friendship with a new wife, and by breaking the walls of prejudice and misunderstanding that she knew were generally between her stepfather and her stepchildren.
But she soon realized that her efforts were in vain.
Her stepmother never trusted her and seemed to misunderstand all her actions.
She could not help comparing her present unhappiness to the time when her mother was only a little over a year old.
Morning and evening, she wept over the memory.
She went to her room as much as she could, took the screen off, and looked at her mother's face as she saw fit.
It was the only consolation she had in these wretched days.
Her father found her so busy.
When I pushed her, I saw that she was leaning on something.
As she looked over her shoulder and saw who had come into her room, she was surprised to see her father.
She was also surprised to find herself looking in the mirror.
Because she hadn't told anyone about her mother's last promise.
So, before she went to her father, she slipped the mirror into her sleeve.
Her father, aware of her confusion and something she was hiding, said in a harsh tone, "What are you doing here?
And what are you hiding in your sleeve?
The girl was afraid of her father's severity.
He had never spoken to her in such a manner.
Her confusion turned to anxiety; her colour changed from brown to white.
She sat silently, ashamed, unable to answer.
The outward appearance was certainly hostile to her.
The girl felt guilty, and her father thought that what she had said might have been true.
"Is it true, then, that you pray for your mother-in-law every day and pray for her death?
She's your stepmother, but did you forget I told you to be obedient and faithful to her?
What evil spirit has taken possession of your heart and made you so evil?
You've really changed, my daughter!
What made you so disobedient and dishonest?"
And his father's eyes suddenly filled with tears, thinking that he ought to reproach his daughter in this way.
She didn't know what he was trying to say.
Because she had never heard of the superstition that by praying over a statue one can make the person one hates die.
But she realized that somehow she had to talk to clear herself.
She loved her father so much that she couldn't bear his anger.
She reached out to her knees and said, "Father!
Don't tell me such a horrible thing.
I am still your obedient child.
That's right, I am.
As foolish as I am, I cannot pray for the death of your beloved, nor curse those who belong to you.
Someone must be lying to you, you're confused, you don't know what you're talking about.
As for me, I am not at all clear about the evil you accuse me of".
But his father, when he first entered the room, remembered that she was hiding something.
He wanted to clear his doubts completely.
"So why are you alone in your room lately?
And tell me what you're hiding in your sleeve.
I want you to show me right away".
Then she was ashamed to confess how much she cherished her mother's memory, but she realized that she had to tell her father everything in order to clear herself.
So she let the mirror slip out of her sleeve and put it in front of him.
"This", she said.
"What is it?"
He was very surprised, he said.
So you've been defending it all this time?
"Why do you spend so much time in front of this mirror?"
Then she told him her mother's last words and her promise to see her every time she looked in the mirror.
But the father did not know that it was his own face that she saw in the mirror and not her mother's face, so he could not understand her simple personality.
"What do you mean?"
He asked me.
"You don't know how to look in this mirror and meet the soul of your deceased mother?"
'That's true,' said her daughter.
As she looked back from the smooth metal disk, there was her own sweet face.
"Do you still doubt me?" she asked.
She looked at his face and asked seriously.
With a voice of amazement that he suddenly understood, he clapped his hands together.
I was like, "Oh, my God!
In the end, I understand.
Your face is like the face of your mother, as are the two faces of the melon.
So you've been looking at the reflection of your own face as if you've seen the face of your dead mother.
You are truly a faithful son.
It may seem silly, but it's not.
The depth of your kindness and the purity of your heart.
I was able to grow as a mother by constantly remembering my deceased mother.
How wise she was to tell you to do this.
Daughter, I admire you and respect you, and I am ashamed, for a moment, to believe in your slanderous stepmother's opinion, and to think that I am about to rebuke you severely for thinking that you are bad.
It's so true and good.
I have no face before you, and please forgive me".
And this is where my father cried.
He thought how lonely his poor daughter must have been, how much she must have suffered from her stepmother's treatment.
His daughter endured faith and integrity in these unfavorable circumstances, and endured much patience and love in all difficulties.
And the pool is a fitting symbol of the mind that keeps itself uncontaminated as it passes through the world.
My stepmother wanted to know what was going to happen, but she experienced it all while standing outside the room.
She slowly pushed the slide back until she started to get interested, until she could see everything.
At that moment, she suddenly entered the room, sat down on a mat, spread out her hands in front of her daughter-in-law, and bowed her head.
"Shame on you!
I'm ashamed of myself!
She cried out in a deep voice.
"I didn't know what kind of kind-hearted son you were.
It wasn't your fault, it was my mother-in-law's jealousy that made me hate you.
Since I hated you so much, it was natural to think that you replied to that feeling.
So when I saw you frequently sneaking into your room, I went after you.
You have concluded that you have realized that I hate you.
As long as I live, I will never forget the mistake I made in misreading you, in making your father suspect you.
From this day forth, I will put away my old, wicked heart, and put in its place a new, pure heart of repentance.
I think of you as my own child.
I love you with all my heart, I care for you, and I will make up for all the misfortune I have caused you.
So, throw everything into the water, and please give me the maternal affection that you gave to your deceased mother".
So the unkind foster-mother begged forgiveness for the girl whom she had mistreated.
The girl's temper was so gentle, that she gladly forgave her stepmother, and for a moment had no remorse or ill will for her.
His father was greatly relieved to see on his face that his wife truly regretted the past, that the terrible mistakes had been erased from his memory by both the perpetrator and the unjust aggressor.
From then on, the three of them lived happily as fish in the water.
It was the first time in my life that I'd ever seen such a thing.
And the young girl was slowly forgetting the misfortunes of the year in the kind and loving care that her mother-in-law had given her.
Her patience and conscience were finally rewarded.