From Matsuyama's mirror, in old Japan's latter countries, there lived a man and his wife who were still very remote places in Japan.
When this story began, they were married several years ago and blessed with a little girl.
She was the joy and pride of their lives, and within her was a source of endless happiness for their old age.
What kind of golden letter did she have in their memory that marked her growing up since she was a baby?
When she came to the temple only 30 days after she was born, a proud mother carried her on her back, put on her ritual kimono, and was placed under the protection of the family's family.
Then, at her first doll festival, her parents gave her a series of dolls and their miniature belongings and were added in the following year.
And perhaps the most important event was on her third birthday when the first belt of scarlet and gold was tied to her little waist.
Now that she was seven years old, their cup of happiness seemed to be full when she learned to talk and wait for them in a small way that was so dear to her loving parents.
I couldn't find such a happy little family on the whole island Empire.
One day my father was suddenly called to the city on business, and the family got into a big fight.
In modern times, when rapid means of transportation such as railways and railways have developed, it is difficult to understand what it means to travel from Matsuyama to Kyoto.
The road was rough and rough, a hundred miles or hundreds of miles, and ordinary people had to walk one step at a time.
In fact, going to the capital was as big a business as the Japanese were sailing in Europe at that time.
My wife was very worried while she helped her husband prepare for his long trip.
I wanted to go with her in vain, but it was too far to go with my mother and children, and it was my wife's duty to do housework.
At last everything was ready, and my husband was standing on the porch with his small family.
The man said, "Don't worry.
I'll be right back."
"Please take care of everything, especially our little daughter, while I'm away."
She said, "Yes, we're fine, but don't delay us for a day by taking care of ourselves and coming back to us."
Only girls were smiling.
Because she didn't know the grief of leaving.
And I didn't know that going to King's Landing was completely different from going to the next village where my father often went.
When she ran near him, she grabbed his long sleeve and waited a while.
"Dad, while I wait for you to come home, I'll be very well, so bring me a present.
I felt like someone was pulling my hair when my father turned around and tried to lastly see a smiling, passionate child with his crying wife.
We separated before.
But he knew he had to go.
The phone was essential.
I stopped thinking hard, turned my back, rushed down the small garden and came out of the gate.
His wife took her child in her arms and ran to the gate, saw him go the way between the pine trees, and saw him get lost in a long way, and all he could see was his strange-looking hat.
And it's gone, too, at last.
Dad's gone.
"I have to do everything with you and me until my father comes home," said the mother as she returned home.
"Yes, I'm sure it'll work," said the child, noddingly.
"I'm sure your father will bring you what you really want."
I know because I asked him to bring you a doll.
Think of your father every day, and pray that he'll be safe until he comes home.
"Oh, how happy he will be when he comes home again," said the child.
Looking at the child's face, her mother seemed to be getting more and more attached to her.
Then she set about making three winter clothes.
She set up a simple wooden wheel, spun thread, and then began weaving.
During her work, she supervised a girl's game and taught her to read old stories in her country.
In this way my wife found comfort in her work during the lonely days of her husband's absence.
While time passed quickly in the quiet house, my husband came home from work.
To those who didn't know him well, it would have been difficult to recognize him.
He traveled day after day, was exposed to all kinds of weather, and had been tanned for about a month, but his beloved wife and child recognized him at first sight and flew to see him from both sides and caught each other.
Their enthusiastic greeting on his sleeve.
Both men and wives were happy that they were safe.
It seemed like a very long time before I took off my grasswear, took off my big umbrella, and returned to the familiar living room where my mother and child were two times in their midst.
I was away.
When they sat down on the white mat, my father opened the bamboo basket he brought with him and took out a beautiful doll and cake and took out a oak box.
"Look," he said to the girl.
This is the prize for taking good care of my mother and home while I was away.
Thank you.
The women from the city were more beautiful than any woman I've ever seen.
Words cannot express how happy the girl was.
Her face was about to melt to joy, and her eyes weren't thinking about anything.
The husband jumped into the basket again, then took out a square box, tied carefully with a red and white string, and handed it to his wife.
"And this is for you.
When my wife took the box and carefully opened it, a metal disk with a handle came out.
One side was as bright as crystal, and the other was covered in the raised form of pine trees and condors, and was carved from a smooth surface into a living reality.
She was born and raised in the country after her birth, so she had never seen anything like it in her life.
She stared at the bright disk and looked up with wonder and surprise in her face: 'I see someone looking at me!'
What's that you gave me?
My husband laughed and said.
"What you're looking at is your own face."
What I brought you is called a mirror, and whoever sees its transparent surface can see himself there.
It's not found in this remote place, but it's been used since the earliest times in the city.
There the mirror is considered to be a very necessary condition for women to own.
There's an old saying, "The sword is a warrior's soul, the mirror is a woman's soul." It's generally said that a woman's mirror is a measure of her own mind.
Her heart is pure and good.
It's also one of the treasures of the Emperor's writing.
So you have to keep it safe by the mirror and use it carefully.
"The wife listened to all her husband's stories and was happy to learn many new things for herself.
She was even more pleased with the precious gift of his memory while he was away.
"If the mirror represents my soul, I will treasure it as a precious possession and never use it lightly."
"I'd say that and lift it up to my forehead, and I'd put it in a box with appreciation."
My wife saw my husband very tired, prepared dinner, and set out to make everything as comfortable as possible for him.
To my small family, it seemed that I had never known what real happiness is before.
I was so happy to be with you again.
And tonight, my father had to tell me a lot about his journey and everything he saw in the big city.
After time in a peaceful house, the parents saw their most important hope realized as their daughter grew up to be a beautiful 16-year-old girl from childhood.
Now their labors were more than doubled when they brought her up with constant affection and care, just as a jewel of high value is held in the hands of its proud owner.
How comforting it was for her mother, who was taking part in household chores and was walking around the house!
And how proud her father was of her.
But, oh!
Nothing lasts forever in this world.
The moon doesn't always have perfect shape, but it loses circles over time, flowers bloom and disappear.
And finally, the happiness of this family was shattered by great sorrow.
My kind, kind wife and mother got sick one day.
During the first few days of her illness, my father and daughter thought it was just a cold, and they weren't particularly worried.
But as the days went by, my mother still didn't get better.
She just got worse, and the doctor was confused.
Because despite what he did, the poor woman became weaker day by day.
The father and daughter were overwhelmed by grief, and she stayed with her mother day and night.
But despite all their efforts, women's lives were not saved.
One day, when a girl was sitting by her mother's bed trying to hide her pain with a bright smile, the mother woke up, held her hand, and stared in her eyes with keen affection.
She out of breath and spoke hard.
"My daughter."
I'm sure now nothing can save me.
If I die, promise me you will look after your dear father and try to be a good and faithful woman.
"Oh, Mom," said the girl with tears in her eyes.
All you have to do is get well in a hurry.
It will bring my father and me the greatest happiness.
"Yes, I understand.
I know how anxious you are for my recovery, and I feel comforted in the last days, but not so.
Don't look so sad.
In my former state of existence, it was highly prescribed that I should die right now in this life.
Knowing this, I have resigned quite a bit to my fate.
And now I have something to give you to remember me when I'm gone.
When I reached out, she took out from the side of the pillow a box of square trees tied with a silk string and a block.
When I put this back very carefully, she took out of the box the mirror her husband gave her years ago.
When you were still a child, your father went up into the city and brought this treasure back to me as a gift.
It's called a mirror.
This will be given to you before I die.
After I'm gone, if you're lonely and want to see me from time to time, take out this mirror.
And tell me all your heart.
I can't talk, but I understand and sympathize with you no matter what happens to you in the future.
"In these words, the dying woman gave the mirror to her daughter.
The good mother's heart now seemed at peace and sank without saying a word, and she left quietly that day.
The bereaved father and daughter were overcome by grief and committed to their bitter grief.
They felt that it was impossible to part with the woman they loved and to entrust her body to the earth.
But this desperate grief passed away, and they were crushed, even though they got their hearts again and gave up.
Despite that, her life looked bleak.
Her love for her dead mother did not fade over time, and her memory was so vivid that even rain and wind made her think of all the death of her mother and all that they had spent in everyday life.
We loved each other and shared it with each other.
One day when her father was out and she was doing housework alone, her loneliness and grief were unbearable.
She threw herself into her mother's room and cried like a broken heart.
Poor child, she wanted to see the face she loved, to hear the name of her pet once, and to forget the pain of her heart for one moment.
Suddenly, she got up.
Mother's last words echoed in her sad memory.
"Oh!
When my mother gave me a mirror as a farewell gift, she said I should see her whenever I saw it.
I almost forgot her last words.
Get a mirror right now and see if it's true!
One, she immediately dried her eyes, went to the cupboard and took out the box with the mirror in it.
When I lifted the mirror and looked at her smooth face, her heart beat with anticipation.
Look! Her mother's words were true!
I saw my mother's face in the round mirror in front of me.
But, oh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!
It was not her mother but a beautiful young woman.
The face in the mirror seemed to have to speak at once.
Her mother heard her tell her to grow up again to be a good woman and a faithful daughter.
My own.
"What I see is certainly my mother's soul."
She knew how miserable I was without her and came to comfort me.
Whenever I want to see her, she will see me here.
How grateful I should be!
And from this point on, the weight of her grief was greatly reduced for her young mind.
Every morning, to gather her strength for the day's duty before her, and every night before she lay down to rest, the girl took out a mirror and looked at the reflection she believed in in the simpleness of her pure heart.
I'll be her mother's soul.
Every day she grew up like her dead mother's character, was kind and kind to everyone, and was loyal to her father.
When a year of mourning passed by in this little house, the family encouraged the man to marry again and found that his daughter was now under the authority of his stepmother.
That was a difficult situation.
But having spent time remembering her beloved mother and trying to be the kind of person she wanted, she became obedient, patient, and now decided to be loyal and loyal to her father's wife.
In every way.
For a while, under the new regime, everything seemed to be going well in my family.
There were no winds and waves to blow the surface of everyday life, and his father was satisfied.
But being quick to be mean is a danger for women, and the stepmother is well known all over the world, but her mother's heart was not like her first smile.
After a few days, weeks, and months, the stepmother began to treat the motherless girl with contempt and try to intervene between her father and her child.
Sometimes she went to her husband and complained about her daughter-in-law's behavior, but her father knew this was natural, so he didn't pay attention to her grumbling.
Instead of weakening his love for his daughter as she wished, her complaint only made him think more of her.
The woman soon found that he was more concerned about the lonely child than before.
This didn't please her at all, and she began to look at how she could get her son-in-law out of the house.
The woman's mind was very bent.
She carefully observed the girl and looked into her room one morning and thought she had found a serious sin sufficient to charge the child with a charge against her father.
The woman herself was a little scared of what she saw.
So she immediately went to her husband and said in a sad voice, with tears of lies.
The man was totally surprised at her sudden request.
"Do you think it's very uncomfortable to be in my house?"
"'" he asked.
"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
No!
I have nothing to do with you, and I've never wanted to leave you.
But I think I should let you go home because if you stay here, you'll lose your life!
"The woman started crying again.
Her husband felt hurt when he saw her being so unhappy that he thought he couldn't hear her. He said:
Say it!
How is your life in danger here?
"I'll tell you because they ask me."
Your daughter hates me as her stepmother.
For a while she stayed in her room in the morning and evening and watched me pass, and I was convinced that she was trying to make my image and kill me in magic art every day.
It's not safe for me to be here.
We can't live under the same roof anymore.
The husband heard a terrible story, but he couldn't believe that his sweet daughter would commit such evil.
He knew that people believed that by creating images of people who were hated and cursed by popular superstitions, and by cursed them daily, someone could gradually put another to death.
But where did his little daughter learn such knowledge?
Nevertheless, he remembered that his daughter had been staying in her room all these years, keeping her away from anyone even when visitors came to her house.
When his wife's warning was combined with this fact, he thought that there might be some explanation for this strange story.
His heart was torn between doubting his wife and trusting his children, and he didn't know what to do.
He immediately went to his daughter and decided to find the truth.
When he comforted his wife and assured her that her fears had no basis, he quietly slipped into her room.
The girl has been very unhappy for a long time.
She tried to break the wall of prejudice and misunderstandings that she knew stood common between her adoptive father and his son.
But she soon realized that her efforts were in vain.
The stepmother never trusted her and seemed to have misunderstood all her actions.
She couldn't help comparing her present unhappy state with the one when her mother lived only over a year ago.
In the morning and evening, she cried over the memory.
She went to her room as much as possible, slipped the screen, took out the mirror, and looked at her mother's face as she thought.
It was the only comfort she got in these miserable days.
Her father found her busy like this.
When I pushed down the fancier, I saw her clinging to something.
When I saw over her shoulder who came into her room, she was surprised to see her father.
She was also confused that she had been found looking in the mirror.
Because she didn't tell anyone about her mother's last promise.
So she slipped the mirror into her long sleeve before going to her father.
When her father noticed her confusion and her behavior hiding something, she sternly said: 'What are you doing here, little lady?'
And what is it that you hide in your sleeve?
The girl was frightened by her father's severity.
He never spoke to her in such a tone.
Her confusion turned to anxiety, and her color changed from scarlet to white.
She sat quietly and shy and couldn't answer.
Her appearance certainly was against her.
The girl felt guilty, and her father thought what his wife had said might have been true.
"Is it true, then, that you curse your stepmother every day and pray for death?"
She's your stepmother, remember what I said, that you must be obedient and faithful to her?
What demon possessed you and you became so wicked?
You certainly changed, my daughter!
What made you so disobedient and dishonest?
Then suddenly his eyes were filled with tears and he thought he had to blame his daughter like this.
She couldn't make out what he was trying to say.
Because she had never heard of the superstition that by praying on a statue she could cause the hated man to die.
But she somehow found that she had to talk and clear herself.
She loved her father so much that she couldn't bear his anger.
'I don't know,' said the Caterpillar. 'I don't know,' said the Caterpillar.
Dad!
Don't say such a terrible thing to me.
I'm still your obedient child.
I'm sure I am.
No matter how stupid I am, I can't pray for the death of someone you love, nor can I curse anyone who belonged to you.
I'm sure someone lied to you, you're vague, and I don't know what you're talking about.
As for me, it's not so obvious about the bad things you're accusing me of.
But her father remembered that when he first went into the room, she was hiding something.
He wanted to get rid of his doubts completely.
Why are you in your room these days?
And tell me what you're hiding in your sleeve.
Please let me see it right away.
Then she was shy to confess how she had cherished her mother's memory, but she realized that she had to tell her father everything to get rid of herself.
So she slipped the mirror out of her long sleeve and put it in front of him.
"This," she said.
"Oh, my God," he said in great surprise.
So you've been protecting it all along?
Then why spend so much time in front of this mirror?
Then she told him her mother's last words and that she promised to see her child every time she looked into the glass.
However, the father didn't understand her simple personality because he didn't know that her daughter was his mirror face and not her mother's.
"What do you mean?"
He asked.
"Do you know how to see the dead mother's soul?"
"It's true," she said.
Looking back from a smooth metal disk, she had a sweet face of her own.
And she said, "Well, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about."
"She looked up at his face and seriously asked him.
The father beat his hands together with the admiration that he had suddenly understood.
"What an idiot!
Finally, I understand.
Your face resembles your mother's face, just like the two sides of a melon.
So you've been looking at the reflection of your face, thinking you've met your dead mother.
You're a truly loyal child.
It seems foolish, but it isn't.
It shows the depth of your kindness to your parents and how pure your heart is.
I was able to grow up like a mother by always remembering my dead mother.
How wise was it for her to tell you to do this?
My daughter, I respect and respect you, and I'm ashamed to think that for a moment I believe in your suspicious stepmother, and that I'm coming here to rebuke you severely because I suspect that you are to blame.
It's fine to be so true.
I have no face left before you, and forgive me.
One, and here my father cried.
He thought of all the things she must have suffered from her stepmother's treatment, how lonely her poor daughter must have been.
His daughter stood firm in faith and purity under such unfavorable circumstances and endured all her problems with much patience and love.
And ponds are a symbol of the mind that keeps itself clean while passing through the world.
The stepmother wanted to know what was going to happen, but when she was standing outside the room, she experienced all of this.
She started to get interested and gradually pushed the slide screen back until it was all visible.
At this moment, she suddenly entered the room, sat down on the mat, stretched out her hands in front of her daughter-in-law and bowed her head.
"It's embarrassing!
I'm ashamed!
*She cried out in a desperate voice.)
"I didn't know what kind of parent you were.
It wasn't your fault, but my mother-in-law's jealousy that made me hate you all the time.
I myself hated you so much that it was natural for you to think that you returned to that feeling.
So when I saw you stay in your room often, I went with you.
You concluded that I didn't like you.
As long as I live, I will never forget the mistake of misunderstanding you and making your father doubt you.
From this day forward, I will cast away an old, wicked heart and replace it with a new one filled with pure repentance.
I think of you as a child of my own.
I love you from the heart, treasure you, and try to make up for all the misfortunes I have caused you.
So throw everything you've ever done into the water, please, give me the parently love that you've given my mother so far.
Such an unkind stepmother humbled herself and begged for forgiveness of a girl who had suffered.
The girl's disposition was so sweet that she was willing to forgive her stepmother, and then she didn't have a moment of resentment or spite for her.
The father was very relieved to see that his wife really felt sorry for the past and saw the terrible misunderstanding wiped out of her memory by both the wrongdoer and the unjust perpetrator.
From this time on, they lived happily as fish in the water.
Such trouble never made the house dark again.
And the young girl gradually forgot the misery of the year in the tender love and care that her stepmother had given her.
Her patience and conscience were finally rewarded.